Tetris
by Saajid Moyen

For my final CIS120 homework, I made everyone's 
favorite puzzle/arcade/strategy game: Tetris.

Game Overview:

Tetris is played by moving different shapes of 
blocks to the bottom of the playing field and
trying to clear lines by filling them completely. 
Clearing lines earns points, and the goal is to 
rack up as high a score as possible. As more 
lines are cleared, the level of the game 
increases and the blocks move down faster and 
faster.

Controls:

The game is played entirely with the arrow keys.
Just press start to begin and use the left and
right arrows to move the piece that is in play. 
The up arrow is used to rotate the piece, and 
the down arrow is a hard drop which instantly
places the piece at the bottom of the playing
field.

Features:

My version of Tetris keeps track of levels and
speeds up the game after every 10 cleared lines.
The number of lines that have been cleared and 
the level of the game are always visible. 
I followed the centralized spawn and rotation
conventions from the real Tetris game, excluding
the wall kicks. I also implemented a restart
button along with the start button, so users do
not have to close and restart the entire program
to begin a new game. Finally, I drew in a grid 
to help players visualize the final position
of their tetrominoes when doing hard drops.